How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	It enabled me to focus on just the lines that had changed, reducing the space of the search

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	It can help me to see where bugs are introduced, 
	and be able to use different versions of the code.
	It also means that I can try different solutions, and easily
	roll them back of they don't work

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	With a manual commit, you can do it at the times that is task appropriate, 
	and makes it easier to go back that more than just an immediate change
	Manual commits do mean that you actually have to do them though, and structure
	your work to make commits make sense

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Google Docs is more for word processing, where you work on one file at a time.  
	Committing all together would be overkill in this situation
	In programming you work on many files at a time, and the workspace is more in terms of ideas
	and therefore need to commit more than one file at a time

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	I'm not sure.  This stuff hasen't been covered yet.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

	Breaking something is not a big deal if you can go back to a previous version that worked easily
	Being able to track when breaking bugs get put in is a big plus

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I want to do version control of software using bit bucket, to synchronise across computers 
	and to make changeing things easier, and to have single edits that impact different versions of the code



